README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Theophilus Owusu</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate flutter Developer</h3>

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ef/2d/b0/ef2db0885d94fd149a4b7914923bb2a3.gif">

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=papitheo&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="papitheo" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/kofitheo_" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kofitheo_?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="kofitheo_" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [E-Commerce Application](https://github.com/papitheo/my_edwom_project)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Javascript**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Mobile Development**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Mobile Development**

- 💬 Ask me about **Flutter**

- 📫 How to reach me **towusu26@my.whitworth.edu**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I love to explore**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/kofitheo_" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="kofitheo_" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=papitheo&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="papitheo" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=papitheo&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="papitheo" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=papitheo&" alt="papitheo" /></p>

Commit message:

included python and changed my email

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Theophilus Owusu</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate flutter Developer</h3>

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ef/2d/b0/ef2db0885d94fd149a4b7914923bb2a3.gif">

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=papitheo&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="papitheo" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/kofitheo_" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kofitheo_?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="kofitheo_" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [E-Commerce Application](https://github.com/papitheo/my_edwom_project)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Javascript and Python**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Mobile Development**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Mobile Development**

- 💬 Ask me about **Flutter**

- 📫 How to reach me **owusutheophilus2022@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I love to explore**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/kofitheo_" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="kofitheo_" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/theophilus owusu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="theophilus owusu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=papitheo&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="papitheo" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=papitheo&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="papitheo" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=papitheo&" alt="papitheo" /></p>
